c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\ChatPrototype.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\ChatPrototype.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\ChatPrototype.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ChatPrototype.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ChatPrototype.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ChatPrototype.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ChatPrototype\ChatPrototype\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\ChatPrototype.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\ChatPrototype.pdb
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\ChatPrototype.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ChatPrototype.dll
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ChatPrototype.xml
C:\Users\Owner\Documents\GitHub\ChatProto\ChatPrototype\obj\Debug\ChatPrototype.pdb
